Camel has always loved a good story.
Well,
that's,
because i come from a long line of storytellers.
My great grandmother told me of her childhood in montana,
and my mother told us stories about growing up on the kalgoorlie cold fields.
My grandmother had a big black handbag,
and if the maid bag,
she had a large money purse with a clasp,
but made a loud,
satisfying click has a child.
I thought grandma was very rich because the purse was full of lovely three
prisons and six pences,
and we were often given according to spend.
Even when we were young adults and grandma's,
memory was firing.
My mother's.
Stories were more along the lines of cautionary tales,
she would say.
You may be injected with a sedative and wake up to find yourself on a slow boat to china.
The victim of the white slave trying to ride this was known among us girls,
as in it's.
A.
You'll never be seen again.
Be aware.
Camera grew up in court field at a convent education and graduated as a
trained infant teacher from direct teachers college from the age of six.
Until i was twenty,
i was in uniform.
So it was a joy to dress up for my aunt's waiting and my debutante ball.
And she headed off to teach in the bush.
My first school.
Was it a small,
sor milling?
Settle with him,
gippsland imported on a local firm and learn to adjust to
the challenges of country life.
Campbell taught by younger sisters,
and we met at a local dance.
We married at clint hunt,
being nineteen sixty one.
After waiting,
we drove to horsham in a little black box waken to begin their
married life.
After ten years in rural schools in winter and the northeast,
we moved back to melbourne,
this time in a station wagon.
Because our family had grown,
weii now had a boy and three girls.
As the wife of a rural school head teacher in the sixties,
life for a city girl with four young children presented plenty of challenges.
A dread tiger snakes on the veranda,
the mothers club.
I was never bored or lonely.
They were visits for many people from the district inspector,
passing swaggy and once a clown in full makeup.
In the seventies,
camel began a long association with st mary's and danger
on the manager ofthe will spring for women they condemned along where carmen is a
volunteer.
She is an incredible inspiration to the women who are here,
and camel is probably the most loved person,
third and
final attempt in after thirty years,
it's,
amiri's,
camel,
retired and children had done us proud.
They were settled in secure in their homes,
and charism is finally time for her to develop some of her own interests.
But there was yet another challenge.
After rob's recovered from a heart attack and bypass surgery,
i encouraged him to fulfill his.
What office in kenya camera was diagnosed with alzheimer's disease.
And i seem to be moving in smaller circles.
I wasn't driving mr,
or is often i'm a great reader.
I haven't really been interested in any new books camel has accepted this ultimate
challenge,
and since that diagnosis in two thousand and one,
she has written a book,
which is now nearing publication.
She
has written her story.
I want to sort of do the camel come away,
so we don't want this to end.
I say what?
What would i do?
Something i don't want to be poor,
come of it,
i don't want it.